louis
the question
hello everyone welcome to my channel
As you can see, you are facing the construction
biggest that I have built for me
canal and it is an airport
to
As you can see, we have here the
agency offices to leave the
suitcases and other
we also have a seating bar
Y
here we have here we have an elevator
to climb to the top
As you can see, you can also go up
stairs
and this is the area of the terminal that
we have access to planes
we support the metal detector
there we have the information where it would be
all flights and dormer skylights
upwards
as you see we have several
places like these with seats and others
where can we society or planes
a note
As you can see, we enter the airplanes
here
one
ah
yes
all are equal as you see present
all the planes that there are
down these stairs we go down
to creative baths
in love
and here we can leave
to the part to the runway to the airport
as she is below
before you can see I have also placed
cisterns
that are like filling in the deposits
of the airplane
As you can see there are quite a few airplanes
different companies
you see also that sometimes there are all of
map that does not load
and that's because airport is very big
and even if so turn it ain in
distance has done extreme is not
enough
over here we go to the view of this d
ah
you know how in all my
constructions you have the link of
friction discharge
dense that widened track this is the
Landing track
ah
how
one more
here is a mine landing this wise
bigger here at the airport is a
boeing 747
never
as you can see is quite large color
placed here until the flaps that are
this here is what will help the
plane does not fall to the ground
around here we see the airport again
you can here we also have another plane and
on the runway
one
and well, this is all if it has
liked the map give the aik subscribe
channel to see more constructions already
you know in my channel you have many more
Exceptions modern houses of all kinds
that is light web can effort of
build this piece of building with
the planes and the whole truth takes me
something quite time is one of the
constructions that more time has
taken and good this is all goodbye
we are going now